# Capstone-Project_The-Battle-of-Neighborhoods
Now that I have been equipped with the skills and the tools to use location data to explore a geographical location, over the course of two weeks, I had the opportunity to be as creative as I learned and come up with an idea to leverage the Foursquare location data to explore or compare neighborhoods or cities of my choice or to come up with a problem that I can use the Foursquare location data to solve.In Module 3, we explored New York City and the city of Houston and segmented and clustered their neighborhoods. Both cities are very diverse and are the financial capitals of their respective areas. One interesting idea would be to compare the neighborhoods of the two cities and determine how similar or dissimilar they are. Is New York City more like Houston or Paris or some other multicultural city?  Week 1 submissions will be worth 30% whereas week 2 submissions will be worth 40% of your total grade.  For this week,  A description of the problem and a discussion of the background need to be acheived. (15 marks) A description of the data and how it will be used to solve the problem. (15 marks) For the second week, the final deliverables of the project will be:  A link to your Notebook on your Github repository, showing your code. (15 marks) A full report consisting of all of the following components (15 marks): Introduction where you discuss the business problem and who would be interested in this project. Data where you describe the data that will be used to solve the problem and the source of the data. Methodology section which represents the main component of the report where you discuss and describe any exploratory data analysis that you did, any inferential statistical testing that you performed, if any, and what machine learnings were used and why. Results section where you discuss the results. Discussion section where you discuss any observations you noted and any recommendations you can make based on the results. Conclusion section where you conclude the report. 3. Your choice of a presentation or blogpost. (10 marks)
